okay this is my basically my garage full
of my cichlid tanks I'm gonna explain
how they all work this is my 125 all my
fish are hiding right now cuz they got
this light out basically I got this one
plumbed in with an overflow box right
there with two J tubes in the back and I
have a 1 inch return that runs off a
half horsepower sub pump which is right
there about that at Lowe's for like $119
does a little over three thousand
gallons an hour
we got a filter sock for all the one
that comes in doesn't allow any
particles back into the sump tank
we've got a ball valve on here you can
see I got it turned down pretty pretty
Farkas dollar flow can't keep up with it
this is a UV sterilizer filter for a
pond there's actually a UV sterilizer
bulb inside of it with bio-balls and
three layers of course filter media and
underneath there's got a bulkhead on
there with the inch and a quarter
conduit that runs over to here to
another sump tank with another 1600 gown
gallon filter with a UV sterilizer this
is actually got a one horsepower sump
pump on it with a float valve attached
to it this guy does a little over 4,500
gallons an hour basically I got two inch
conduit that all the tanks drained into
which here I'll show you on the other
side there's my top tank drains right
there tank number two three and four
they all drain into this right there you
see all the ball valves each ball valve
controls the flow of water that returns
to each of the tanks here's a 55 acrylic
tank the good thing about acrylics is
you can drill with any type of hole saw
so if you see right here
I got a bulkhead right there all right
just glued 290s on there and you can buy
these little screen things that plug
into one inch pipe
and then here's my other 55-gallon this
has got a lot of my babies in here my
peacock she electric yellows yellow
zebra zebra is Red Devils but blood
parrots basically I got no her flow box
on this one too
here's my 55 another 55 hooked up to the
system I got my blue peacock in here I
don't know if you can see him right now
okay there he is right there
here's my 20 gallon acrylic tank I just
put all my babies in here to keep them
from getting eaten
there's a baby peacocks takes them about
a year about when they're about 2 inches
to actually start changing color with
the blue zebras they get color as soon
as they come out which is kind of cool
now they have a couple 3-inch green
spotted puffers in here seeing them
here's some more of my 125
well go ahead and feed these guys to get
them to come out some reason they're
scared of that light that I was carrying
around right here I got an automatic
fish feeder set on a timer but I'm just
gonna manually feed them right now
they should be coming out in any second
now
I got about 50 more fish in there for
some reason they're not coming out I
must have scared them
you can check out other photos of my
tanks on rate my fish tank calm under my
user name is cichlid mania actually took
first place in October November with
this one 25 at my old house this is kind
of a new setup I got going on a little
bit different thank you